BANNER

Voted Best Acupuncturist For 12 Years
The Acupuncture & Wellness Center has provided premier holistic services to the area for more than a decade, and has been honored annually as “Best Acupuncturist” by the North Kitsap Herald.

----------------------------------------

BLOCK A
Advanced Acupuncture, Proven Medicine, Whole Body Health
We offer advanced acupuncture methods and herbal medicine to patients who seek a whole-body approach to health without the threat of dangerous addictive painkillers.

Acupuncture
Our board-certified practitioners are experts in a unique style of acupuncture called Distal Needling Acupuncture.

Herbal Medicine
Not all symptoms require needle acupuncture. Our practitioners offer evidence-based solutions for you and your health. 

Pulse Diagnosis
Pulse Diagnosis is considered the gold standard for understanding the root cause of your ailments.

--------------------------------------

BLOCK B
Robert Doane, L.Ac.
Robert Doane is Founder and CEO of the Acupuncture & Wellness Center. A licensed acupuncturist, he holds a master’s degree in oriental medicine and a bachelor’s degree in physics from the University of Washington. 

Acupuncture & Wellness Clinic
Located in Poulsbo, our comfortable modern facility is surrounded by the scenic Olympic Forest that provides you the healing space you need. We are a full-service clinic that offers advanced acupuncture methods and eastern herbal medicine to patients who want a whole-body approach to health. We welcome everyone from all over Washington state and throughout the Pacific Northwest.

-------------------------------------------

BLOCK C

Andrea G.
Poulsbo, Washington

I have been coming here since October 2014. We have been working on tension in my neck and stress management. A couple appointment ago I mentioned my lock jaw issue. Bob and Emily nailed it! In two, yes two treatments my jaw was released! Miracles do happen. For years I have struggled with this. Amen! I am so happy I just want to cry. I will settle for telling the world how excited I am. Thank you!”

Christie A.
Kenmore, Washington

I had amazing results with herbs and diet program. I dropped 22 lbs easily and my anxiety levels went down and other health issues. Bob’s technique of pulse reading is accurate and life saving. I am totally satisfied and pleased with my results.

Penny M.
Poulsbo, Washington

Bob saved my life, simply put.  About a year ago I went to his acupuncture and wellness clinic in very poor health. I was so Ill I was actually in the process of having my will made out. Since my first visit I have lost over 70 lbs, my heart murmur is gone and the diagnosis of congestive heart failure is no longer on my records. Needless to say this is  “The Best Care Ever Received” anywhere in my long life.

---------------------------------------------------

BLOCK D

Frequently Asked Questions

What is Acupuncture?
Acupuncture is an ancient form of medicine that is gaining popularity in the U.S. During treatment, very thin, solid, hair-like needles are inserted at specific points on the body. The stimulation of these acupuncture points affect the central and peripheral nervous systems. It triggers the release of the body’s internal chemicals, such as endorphins and enkephalins, which have pain-relieving properties. 

What can I expect during the first treatment?
The Acupuncture and Wellness Center, P.S. and its founder Bob Doane, are known world-wide as experts in the art of Chinese Pulse diagnosis. At the first visit to the clinic our practitioners will examine your pulse thoroughly and provide a complete analysis of your overall health condition as revealed in your pulse.

How many treatments will I need?
The number of treatments depends on the duration, severity, and nature of the complaint. Generally, 10 to 20 treatments are adequate for the majority of chronic (long-lasting) disorders. Some acute (short-term) conditions may require only one treatment. Some degenerative conditions may require more. The patient has the right to expect their major complaint will be addressed and treated in a direct and timely manner.

--------------------------------------------------

BLOCK E

Acupuncture &
Wellness Center

18870 8th Ave NE Ste
108 Poulsbo, WA 98370

Email: info@awcps.com
Phone: 360-394-4357
Fax: 360-394-7972

Monday-Friday: 9am - 5pm
Saturday: New Patients and Appointments by Request Only
Sunday: Closed

